# LMMFF
Modern poultry farming is large and dense, which makes it easy for infectious diseases to spread widely among poultry. To detect disease conditions in poultry, this paper proposed a lightweight model based on multi-scale feature fusion for chicken’s sound recognition, referred to as LMMFF. Firstly, the spectral subtraction method was chosen for noise reduction of the original sound file. Since it is difficult for traditional sound interception methods to completely intercept segmented chicken sounds, a triple-threshold method to intercept chicken sound samples was proposed. Then Mel Frequency Cepstrum Coefficient (MFCC), Gammatone Frequency Cepstrum Coefficient (GFCC), and Linear Prediction Cepstral Coefficient (LPCC) were extracted and fused in series to obtain the acoustic feature MGL. Spectrograms were also extracted as image features. This paper proposed acoustic and image models called aLMMFF and iLMMFF, respectively, to train these different features. MGL and Spectrogram were fed into the training module of the acoustic and image models for training, respectively. The training results of different training modules were fused and fed into the SVM classifier to obtain the final classification results. LMMFF was compared with 16 deep learning models and 4 traditional machine learning models. The experimental results showed that the classification accuracy of LMMFF achieved the best classification performance with an accuracy of 99.4%.  Notably, the model size of LMMFF was only 11.2MB. So, LMMFF is feasible and practical for classifying abnormal sounds and can provide technical support for the early warning of respiratory diseases in yellow feather broilers.  

More code is comming soon.
